TP-527--ecosystem-api (#185)
taikoxyz/trailblazer-adapters: README.md

### 2. Example Protocol Entry

> A new protocol entry needs atleast a name and a slug to be recognized as part of the ecosystem. When competing in trailblazer DApp competition add your contracts' addresses. Optionally, add a short description, ecosystem category, twitter, website and logo reference. For existing ecosystem categories, see [`whitelist.go`](./whitelist/whitelist.go) Logo must be stored under `./img`. Ensure your slug is consistent with your project's slug used in Defillama if you are integrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new protocol entry needs at least a name and a slug to be recognized. When competing in a trailblazers dApp competition or when you want to be listed in the general dApp leaderboard, also add your contracts' addresses.

If you further want to be listed on the [trailblazers ecosystem](https://trailblazers.taiko.xyz/ecosystem) page, add a short description, ecosystem category, twitter, website and logo reference. For existing ecosystem categories, see [`whitelist.go`](./whitelist/whitelist.go)

The logo must be stored under `./img`. Ensure your slug is consistent with your project's slug used in Defillama if you are integrated.
```
